five four three two hello Billy
we're live yo Jeff what's going on buddy
hey to him I watched a new documentary
this morning in the gym loved it it was
fucking great it's crazy I love your use
of little kids I don't to give away too
much of it but it's about the steroid
scandal involving baseball and Alex
Rodriguez but what was the choice to use
little kids to play a rod and all the
other key principles involved in the
scandal like to play we use little
actors what kids oh come on fella
you're just you're just high did I was
pretty sober the gym yeah so you now
know the stories you've seen the doc and
if people remember the biogenesis
steroid scandal if not the movie I think
recaps it pretty pretty well the thing
that struck me is it like all these guys
acted like children they really did yeah
and and to boot so you know we've done
some some sports talks in the past we
did you know some of the ESPN 30 for 30s
like the you and when you do a sports
talk I mean I don't want to say it's
it's easy because it's you know making
documentaries is a challenge but sports
talks were pretty like paint-by-numbers
it's like you interview some players you
interview some coaches some journalists
they mention a bunch of games and you
show a bunch of game footage you know
like it's a pretty straightforward
process uh with this one it's not about
baseball it's baseball and Jason I guess
Mike it's about shit that went down in
nightclubs in shady clinics with fake
doctors hotel rooms bars locker rooms so
you got a bunch of guy talking heads in
your documentary but then yet you got
nothing to cut - you got no b-roll so
I'm like we're gonna need to shoot REE
crease you know recreations here which
is which is to me I don't know it's like
when you're doing nonfiction filmmaking
it's fake shit
we need if when you film recreations so
it's like I'm like how do we do this in
a creative way that that's consistent
with the tone of the movie which was
always called screwball meaning it was
always like a farce you know like a
Carl Hiaasen or Elmore Leonard Cohen
brothers as sort of Florida fuckery
farce and so we just wanted to keep in
that in that mode so I'm watching the
characters so we got Tony Bosch who is
the fake doctor and Porter Fisher who
was the whistleblower who stole the
medical records and and started this
whole thing they were then stolen from
him and then sold to not the highest
bidder but any bitter and every bitter
they were sold to and they're talking
and I'm noticing that they had like a
very similar storytelling style like for
example guile be like so I walk into his
office and I say I want my money and he
says I don't have your money
and I said well you better get my money
and he said what are you gonna do about
it and I said I'm gonna break your neck
and I'm like oh shit they they're so
vivid and in the moment and and and
talking dialogue so we could drunk
history this right we could we could
edit together the doc and then have the
actors lip-synching the actual interview
dialogue and all the actors will be
eight years old I don't know like I've
always wanted to do it like way back
Spike Jonze 1997 biggie video sky's the
limit biggie had just been murdered he
was faced with this challenge of
producing a posthumous video and so
Spike Jones was like okay we'll just do
a straight-up classic Bad Boy Records
circa 97 music video cars Versace
wardrobe girls mansion hot tub but
they'll all be eight years old you got
baby biggie really puffy baby baby Busta
Rhymes basically yeah it's brilliant and
it sounds like what a great divide that
was always kicking around since since 97
and then I saw this off-broadway musical
about ten tennis years ago called a very
merry honor let me try that one more
time a very merry unauthorized
children's Scientology pageant I don't
ask me to say it again I can't say it
again so it's just it's just wild
musical like very Bowie esque score
written by a couple Yale E's
like it's like it's a it's a Christmas
pageant
performed by elementary school kids but
instead of the story of Jesus it's the
story of l ron Hubbard all with like in
like a school play with like you know
paper mache like sets and and and
construction paper costumes and props
and I wanted to I got together with one
of the composers I said listen I'd like
to get the rights to your musical and
make a Scientology documentary using the
kids and the musical as a framing device
because in those days no one was making
now everybody make Scientology
documentaries in those days nobody was
doing it particularly because like the
church is so litigious and so they had
kind of left this musical alone so I
thought like that might be a cool buffer
like maybe if I make a documentary
that's a little light you know and it's
like this children's musical but we
intercut it with real a real documentary
investigation interviews and um that
maybe will kind of get away with it
nobody wanted to make nobody I mean
doors are closing before I even knocked
out like got to them and I kind of filed
again filed that idea way in the back of
my head and then a couple years ago
there was that funny viral video of like
it was like a Scarface school play I
don't know if it was like a bunch of
little kids doing Scarface is like an
elementary school play mm-hmm and I was
like this is such a it's such a great
device and the problem is you need to
find something that it works for like
like cocaine Cal babies would not have
been appropriate right for example of us
eight-year-old kids running around it's
not Bugsy Malone you know so it's just
like it's just like how the stars align
we just like I was like this is this is
gonna work here I think it works it
works great it's such a crazy story in
the fact well I don't want to give too
much of it away cuz I really want people
to watch it because I mean I've talked
about cocaine Cowboys probably a hundred
times in this podcast it's one of my
all-time favorite projects Cuse me
all-time favourite documentaries but
this is this is a story that almost
writes itself it's so bonkers the and
the fact that it all could have been
avoided if one guy just paid another guy
or just didn't try to rip him off I like
four grand yeah like nothing doesn't
make any sense it's fucking crazy and
the guy what a bizarro personality he
was
would just tan everyday and hang out at
this doctor's office in the waiting room
telling everybody how great it was like
the whole thing is so strange like
that's everybody remembers it is like
the a rod or a roid scandal you know and
the truth of the matter is that Alex
Rodriguez was collateral damage yes in
this whole thing yeah it was not about
him don't tell Alex that but it's not
about him
you know it's it it was really the
highest the career of the highest-paid
baseball player of all time effectively
ended over a four thousand dollar debt
between this cocaine-addicted fake
doctor and his faked an addicted steroid
patient and it's like that's why I said
it's like a Florida fuckery story
straight up it's just like this is
classic only in Miami absurd farce and
that's what you specialize in this
specialize in Florida fuckery I go to
your Twitter feed all the time for
current Florida fucker it's just it's
yeah it's distilled it's just like it's
pure Florida fuckery yeah it's just it's
and that's what this story is to me it's
like Miami is just well I say the great
thing about Miami is it's so close to
the United States but like it's it's
also like it's America's Casablanca
mm-hmm like just people kind of flee to
Miami from like all over the country and
all over the world usually leaving some
kind of criminality in their wake yeah
and you know come here and kind of there
and reinvent themselves you know like
it's just and then you have all of these
criminals there who then kind of baking
in the Sun you know in this kind of
multicultural fucking Paia you know that
we have and then they just like and then
they start putting their their minds
together and brainstorming and they
hatch just the most inane schemes and
scams like that's our primary export
from Miami is just schemes and scams
well it's just so amazing that it's
still a cocaine culture - after all
these years it still has a giant cocaine
engine pumping out all this chaos we
don't have any indigenous industry I
mean there's no factory where everybody
goes to work and then 30 years later
gets a watch there's no there's no
business there it's Carl Hiaasen says
all we
produce in Florida is oranges and
machine guns no we don't make anything
that we sell the dream we sell the
sunshine
you know it's lies that came true yeah
you know and so and even more
frightening is the Miami of today is the
America of tomorrow so it's like there's
a lot of lessons to be gleaned from down
there but it's basically at this point
of money a real estate hustle and a
money-laundering capital so it's really
no different than it ever was everybody
likes to tell me how it's changed it's
grown I'm like just because you've built
a bunch of shit doesn't mean we've grown
right and Miami is just like Miami is
one of the youngest cities in the
country in your parlance Oh it'd be
about one person old or one and a half
people ago like one and a half people
ago you know we're one of the youngest
cities barely a hundred just over a
hundred you know correct me if I'm wrong
because I've said this before but isn't
there more banks per capita in Miami
than anywhere else
well certainly there certainly was
before the you know the the the Great
Recession when a lot of them started
shutting down but most of them have
rebounded one of the cleverer things
some of the real estate developers did
was they opened their own bank literally
their own bank they had a bank where the
entire board of the bank were all real
estate developers and over 90% of the
loans the bank made was insider loans
just on the board and then of course
they went belly-up in the Great
Recession and what happened we bailed
him out so it was all their own so yeah
it's great held out real estate salesman
real estate who loaned themselves money
that is round up being backed ultimately
by us by the taxpayer yeah I mean that's
the old remember they I mean you hear
that line all the time now that like you
know the people used to rob the bank
from the outside in now it's yeah now
it's from the inside out but no none
could be truer than that story and
that's a Miami story and when the Great
Recession happened
the FDIC had to open an office in
Florida because we had more bank
closures than any other state in the
Union because we were like you could go
down there I mean you could buy a
fucking mortgage for your dog at a
drive-through in Miami in the in like
the the late 90s early oz and I remember
interviewing a guy we were doing working
on a project called Ponzi state about
the state of Florida as
like a case study in the Great Recession
years ago we never finished it
unfortunately but we're interviewing
this guy and he says um you know we were
this is pre like big short like this
before anybody sort of knew a lot about
this and he said we were down here in
Miami setting fires and Wall Street was
trying to read our smoke signals that's
why I say like the Miami of today is the
America of tomorrow sure it is so every
time I go there I always go I forgot how
fucking crazy this place is if you
really should have to have a passport
it's I love it I really do love it it's
a crazy place to do stand-up you know I
did this joke because I was doing a
Netflix special and I was doing it a
couple months after I did this gig in
Miami and so I was using those Yonder
bags you know what those are where
people have to put their cell phone and
yes this magnetic bag you keep the phone
but you hold the phone in the book if
you want to use it you just have to step
outside they open up the bag and they
give your phone in every other city it
made for a better show because people
just sat down and watch the show in
Miami it made for literally 40 percent
of the crowd at any given time was
getting up and going to the back and
using their phone and coming back in
they were just constantly moving around
and presume it was to use their phone
they might be a bit powdering their nose
they might have been but it was they you
know that was because I had done gigs
before that where they didn't have the
Yonder bags and this wasn't the problem
but in Miami just everybody needed to
use their phones they just kept getting
up and coming back and it was just chaos
well it's also a selfish town like it's
it's a basically a town a town of
assholes I mean really and and so like I
always say the I mean it reflects in
everything that we do in the way that we
behave certainly in the way that we
drive like Believe It or Not like people
are so much more chill and calm here in
traffic in LA I swear to God and LA was
famous for like road rage like yeah la
like created invented road rage but like
Miami it's such a crazy angry weird
place because it's like when push comes
to shove we're in Miami chill the fuck
out like it's all good it's a beautiful
place like and it's a shared experience
the traffic sucks for all of us just
chill out and use your turn signal for
crying out loud and just but that's why
they I say that's why they call it Miami
sorry
you're a me it's my fucking a me and
stay out of my fucking a me it's just I
don't seem to love it you seem to thrive
yeah I can't really function anywhere
else doesn't make any sense it's and
it's so frustrating too I was you know
I'm I'm a native Floridian and a
lifelong Miami and I for a while I was I
was pretty determined to like leave
behind a better Florida than the one I
was so inexorably connected to cocaine
one of my best friend Steve Graham was
an ophthalmologist he did his residency
in Miami so he did his residency in
emergency rooms in Miami and he was
there in the 80s during like the height
basically during when cocaine Cowboys
takes place and he saw everything just
he mean he had all these pictures of
bullet holes and skull fragments and
people with light bulbs stuffed up their
asses and just he said every day was
just fucking chaos we know Miami idea
everywhere else the light bulb goes off
over your head in Miami we shove it
right up our asses
he said they had to pull a light bulb
out of a guy's ass in one of those ones
that look like a Christmas tree those
curly ones this guy stuck a light bulb
up his ass and it broke in his ass at
least he was concerned about the
environment that's like one of those
environmentally like sound like no
environmentally sound like yeah they
were just thicker glass I felt like he
could get it in his ass better like
though that was the era to cut your
teeth if you were a cop or a lawyer or a
journalist or an ER doctor I remember
talking to any ER doctor once he tells
me a story 1980 shortly after the Mariel
boatlift started which I think
everybody's kind of pop-culture frame of
reference for the Mariel boatlift is
Scarface Tony Montana was a Mario Leto
that's at the beginning of the movie
when you know Castro is ranting and
raving that he's flushing the toilets of
Cuba on to the United States
specifically to Miami and so he was
working at the the trauma center at
Jackson Memorial hour emergency room in
Miami
and he said he got a Mariel refugee
these guys
would stand on the beach they would it
looked like Havana in South Beach you
know like there's that like coral
seawall and it just like it had a really
have an of I've so they would go they
would chill mostly at these flop houses
south of 5th Street in Miami Beach where
like the cops would literally just they
would be leaving after a stabbing at one
of these places and they'd be three
blocks away they get a call to go back
because now there was a shooting or
something else it would be going there
like all around the clock and so and
they would just get in gunfights like
literally would just be like they
someone would cheat at dominoes and they
would just pull out a gun and one guy
would shoot the other guy and so he has
a Mariel refugee who comes in to the
emergency room with a gunshot wound
and he knew Spanish she was bilingual he
said to the guy said you're really lucky
because if this bullet had hit you know
a few centimeters or whatever this way
you would have died immediately would
have bled out right there on the scene
died instantly
and guys splits a few days later another
Mariel refugee comes in with a gunshot
wound in exactly the same spot where he
had told the other guy that if he got
hit there he would have died could never
prove it never was able to trace it back
but he was pretty well convinced that it
was a revenge shooting the other
shooting and the guy knew exactly where
to shoot him and kill him because the
doctor had told him were to do that but
that was like everyday Miami the lady
who cuts my hair for Christ's sake she
said Billy I was so naive in those days
you know you you she dye cut people's
hair you know they come over kiss her
goodbye and put a tip in her in her
pocket you know and she'd go home turn
her pockets inside out have our little
crumbled bills and everything and one
day she finds a little baggie of white
powder that's something that one of her
clients had slipped into her pocket as a
tip and she said to her girlfriend she's
what what the hell is this and her
friend said oh shit that's worth more
than gold that's the best tip you got
you got all day
that little baggie that was just like
the culture and it's and it's I mean
it's not that she's that anywhere else I
can imagine that in like Nebraska
someone tipping you and cocaine people
would be like what what do you what the
fuck are you doing
listen it's just like like I said so
Mara
is Casablanca there's no place like it
it's such a strange place yeah everybody
everything is for sale
still nothing you know and like I said
we are about a person old that's how far
back Miami goes I was watching a video
about the culture of renting super cars
to people so they can pretend that it's
their car huge in Miami yeah yeah we got
all these Brickell Brickell East a
thousand tears you know driving their
rented fucking Lambos yeah you know and
blowing the engines out on South Beach
because they don't know how to drive
them just getting towed down the street
is just listen it's a fake it till you
make it kind of town and there's nothing
really to make there you can't really
other than a real estate hustle money
laundering drugs politics being a crop
politician there's really no other way
to make it it's not a real industry no
not at all there's a lot of professional
fighters come out of Miami about that
whole area Coconut Grove and a lot of
aggression a lot of poverty it's a it's
a third-world economy down there the
disparity between the haves and the
have-nots the income gap is widest and
getting wider in miami-dade County than
just about any city in the country or
any metropolitan area in the country Wow
so and that's why I said that Miami of
today is the America of tomorrow if you
want to know what challenges will face
as a nation or calamities will befall us
in the years to come you need only look
at at Miami tioman called it the canary
in the coalmine the bellwether and so
you know when the election was playing
out the cycle in 2016 I was like you
know all my friends are just like this
can this Trump thing can happen I was
like hang on I was like Florida elected
and in fact re-elected rick scott to be
governor he is the biggest Medicare
fraud stir in the history of the united
states everybody knows it everybody's
aware of it very well publicized we've
weary elected him okay we elected him
twice as the top fuckin executive in our
state like what makes you think that the
United States of America wouldn't do
that and I know it's fair to say like
you know if you're gonna be the governor
of the state you should know a little
something about the largest and
in the state like you forgive me the
governor of Michigan you should have
some familiarity with the automobile
industry and manufacturing and in
Florida if you're gonna be the governor
arguably you should know something about
our biggest industry which is Medicare
fraud basically I mean you could argue
that he's the most qualified man for the
job
oh yeah we got like Medicare fraud as is
one of the largest industries has been
for decades I mean we have billions and
billions of dollars in fraud that just
so they run it so you'll go into like
Little Havana or Hialeah for example in
a municipality and in miami-dade and
there'll be a little Lalita sitting
behind a desk half-asleep and she'll be
surrounded in this tiny little one-room
office by little mailboxes you know like
peel boxes and a mailman comes in every
day and just puts checks in the boxes
and they're like in some cases they've
stolen Social Security numbers and and
you know uh stolen identities basically
and some cases they're just old people
who aren't aware that their mail is
being forwarded to this location and
they've just got they I think Miami for
a while we had more Medicare payments
for HIV and AIDS medication then every
other part of the country combined and
it's all just old people so it's like
you would have to assume that a hundred
percent of our elderly population
suffered from HIV said HIV
we're h-happy posit but he's fucking
impossible you had female patients
getting penis pumps that were paid for
by even know that Medicare covered that
I gotta look into that but that was a
thing well thanks Obama but if you watch
the oxycontin Express CD now but that's
all about how they would have the pain
management centers and they were
connected to the pharmacies you'd go to
the doctor hey my back hurts you know
what you need this go right next door I
need you right all they would prescribe
was oxys and sometimes it wasn't even
next door sometimes it was like go to
that window yeah right next door they
say show the doctor your x-ray yeah you
have to get your x-ray done somewhere
else cuz they weren't doing it so I mean
hand the doctor your x-ray he look at it
go oh shit it was upside down he
wouldn't
be like oh yeah oh shit you know what
you need go to that window over there
and fill this prescription and we had
more pill mills they called them in
Broward County which is the county just
north of miami-dade then we had
McDonald's locations and there was
literally like the Appalachian Trail
they were coming down
they were stocking up on oxy and we were
fueling a death epidemic like in
Kentucky but they were pulling over more
cars with Florida plates than in state
plates up there because Floridians were
like well shit we can't let them have
all the action we'll drive up and we'll
export the shit and at the peak of the
pill mill epidemic the oxy epidemic in
Florida seven people a day were dying
and women and children and and we
subsist from hustle to hustle what you
wonder why didn't the government
crackdown on that shit why don't I
regulate it well first our governor and
we did we deal with this in screwball is
the biggest Medicare fraud stir in the
history of the country so he wasn't
exactly shall we say vigilant or
interested in cracking down on medical
related get away with a magic mark mugga
magic I guess I mean he listened he he
got he pled the fifth amendment like 75
times in a videotaped deposition that
was used in a campaign ad against him
and Florida was like we're good we're
good with that
up and he just listened white rich men
kind of walked between the raindrops in
this country you know it's just a well
sorta they got crafts for getting a
handjob
that was Florida too it's so stupid it's
crazy stupid it's cool we were talking
about it like how does he not have a guy
who you get him jerked off like there's
probably a lot of gals out there that
would like to make some money you know
you don't have to go to a massage parlor
the biggest bummer of it is just now my
massage parlors closed down ah that's
the problem
where do I go now since the property
we're broke guys go well the fact that
they were filming you - it's so whole
thing is so strange and if there was
human trafficking going on there what
we're cops chilling there for like six
months some ongoing investigates like
can you save these poor victims
yeah but human trafficking has become
like this keyword it's like this new
sort of like fear-mongering
a term to get everybody all up in arms
and now they're kind of backtracking on
that they're like well maybe it wasn't
exactly Oh trafficking maybe it was just
some reason why he was a horrible person
because he was contributing to these
people that were essentially being sold
for sex slavery turns out that might
have been a bit overblown no pun
intended of overblown but of course
that's kind of how they have to sell it
right otherwise people like why are you
wasting all this money on hand jobs
no one can why because solving real
crime is hard oh and dangerous and
dangerous okay so you can go and pick
somebody up for marijuana or getting a
handjob whatever and you can look like
you're you're being proactive yeah but
solving a murder that's hard man that's
hard work hard dangerous and you know if
you go to a weird little asian massage
place and guys are coming out smiling
like hmm
it's uh you can start there yeah you
know what about low-hanging fruit really
offensive there was a weird law in
Hawaii where they were letting cops
actually have sex with prostitutes like
to prove that they were prostitutes I
think nearly half the states in the
Union have a law that allow police
officers to have sex with people in
custody
y-yeah really I can't make that how do
you make this shit up under say well
this consensual because it consensual
they're in fucking handcuffs what I mean
it's consensual
like what that's human trafficking if
you ask me I mean well yeah obviously
they're gonna try to make deals hey I'll
suck your dick if you get me out of here
how is that how is that consensual how's
that legal it's crazy it's the ultimate
I mean you talk about people holding
power over people that's cute ultimate
coerced consent absolutely yeah I mean
that is that is more more than an
employer doing that to an employee I
mean you're literally dangling their
freedom talk about an abuse of power
seriously I just look I I have all
daughters I'm not I don't want anybody's
daughter to be a prostitute but I'm also
100% in favor of people being able do
whatever the fuck they want and if
someone's in a weird stage in their life
where they'd rather jerk guys off than
work at Denny's like who's
anybody to stop them from doing that the
only problem is the social stigma that's
attached to it the actual act itself is
it's beneficial the person gets
something out of it you know I mean
there's it's some people have a really
hard time getting someone to have sex
with them you know it's I don't see it
that it's just a crazy thing that we
regulate something that I mean George
Carlin had a great bit about it that's
the only thing where it's illegal to
make someone pay for it but it's fine if
it's free like it literally doesn't make
sense there's nothing wrong with sex but
there's something wrong with people
paying for it and it's fine if you pay
for it and then videotape it from our
distribution because then porn yeah I
don't really
first of all it's a contract between two
consenting adults if we if we're talking
about small government deregulation
let's allow two consenting adults to
engage in a contractual relationship yes
offer acceptance consideration as with
anything else a stigma as you mentioned
a lot of that is part and parcel of the
prohibition the illegality of it is what
brings the seediness
it's what brings the danger right the
because it's forced underground you you
introduce all of these elements that
don't have to be there they could take
place in clean environments they can
take place instead of in the
black-market and underground it could
take place in a where you can protect
all the participants yes involved and
it's it but it's been true of liquor
it's been true of marijuana it's been
true of prostitution which they call for
a reason the oldest profession yeah the
second we introduced the prohibition it
creates a level of danger and a threat
to society that wouldn't exist if you're
like we'll wait what if you just let me
smoke this what if you just let me drink
this because I'm an adult making a
responsible decision for myself what if
you just let me engage in sexual
activity with this person who is
perfectly willing to do it in exchange
for some renew Mireille ssin yeah what
the why should anybody give a shit it's
so puritanical it's so archaic it's such
a dumb proven bad idea
I mean it's been proven for decade upon
decade oh you go all the way back to the
alcohol prohibition to what's going on
right now with the cartels I mean what
how much would it fix if they made all
drugs legal how much would it fix I mean
we'd have a real problem
in the beginning with access where
people there would be so much more
access he'd probably you know we you
would lose people people would die and
high-profile overdose cases and there's
no people try to make a deal out of it
you don't think today cocaine was legal
everywhere that no meth people can get
the drugs right but it's not that easy
for a person like if you don't know
anybody who's a criminal like say if you
want to buy meth now I don't know where
to buy meth I just I know if you're
Walmart's in Florida they make it in the
bathroom that you do with that again
that is Florida it's it's a different
animal but like right now in America I
mean I maybe could drum up some meth in
a few days if I started asking but uh
you know I would not have any idea who's
an informant and who's gonna rat me out
but I think the stats show in states
where marijuana has become legal you
don't see significant spikes in usage
there's there's some significant spikes
and uses but the problem is it
correlates to a significant spike in
population in the state right a lot of
people moved Colorado just because of
marijuana they need to become a part of
the business and because they just
wanted to be free you know and then
California we've had medical weed
forever and now we have legal legal weed
and it's I don't think it's changed much
here but you do have there's there's
some there's some issues there's there's
definitely I mean I don't think it's
beneficial in any way to sugarcoat the
fact that having legal drugs makes
people have more access to those drugs
meat means maybe there's gonna be a few
people whatever the number is who do
those drugs who wouldn't have had access
to them without it I but I agree but I
think it's de minimis I yeah it's like I
think and the number of people could
who's gonna turn around go like you know
what I want to try it's legal now meth
yeah
my dentist doesn't recommend it but I
feel like I want who the fuck's gonna do
that who say that but how many fucking
people are on adderall and the only
difference
yeah the doctors prescribing it's really
good shit that's what the president bump
said yeah that's what you're saying do
you think he does he's always sniffing
and he always well here's the I don't
think he's on cocaine so no and I always
describe to people who don't who don't
know what this is like people on cocaine
start one sentence and then finish
another right but it's like talking
someone on cocaine or the president they
just but I don't think he's on and but
he's always you always hear him with the
yeah the step I think he's like bumping
a D I don't know I think he's bumping it
but I think he's definitely well he
might be he's not I mean he's a wild man
but he's definitely got accusations from
his past
about use of and feta means there was
there was a journalist that actually
detailed the very Duane Reade pharmacy
where he used to get this prescription
diet medication there air quotes diet
medication I just fucking speed and look
the guy has an exorbitant amount of
energy I mean it's quite impressive for
a man in his 70s who eats shit his diet
doesn't exercise and he's always ready
to go I mean when he was campaigning he
didn't seem to ever get tired he would
go and do these campaign events and he
would always be talking and he'd be full
of enthusiasm we're gonna make America
great again we're gonna build that wall
higher we're gonna tell those Chinese
listen buy the fucker like he was I mean
it's an incredible amount of energy god
bless him it's a 70 some-odd years old
it's amazing that you don't have to drug
test him it's amazing you can trust a
Slayers
baseball players gonna say they're the
guys we need to and what I mean what is
that all is not a performance-enhancing
drug a hundred percent talk to
journalists how many journalists will be
totally honest about it
they are fuckin hooked on adderall and
they are very productive with it very
productive I tried it once
it's wild somebody gave me something I
didn't try it I just sat there and
looked at I draw I don't need that my
life I've been scared of coke I've never
done coke and I've never done a dural I
don't fuck with speed because I can't
shut the fuck up already
yeah my dad is not for me I need
something that calms me down and makes
me feel weird I feel like I'd be that
guy who like does it the first time and
my heart explodes out of my chest
you'd be like scraping me off the roof
of the show you know if I did I write
yeah Jesus I'm worried that I would love
it that's what I'm concerned I'm worried
I would love it not be like okay from
here on out it's all about me which
marijuana does the opposite to me
marijuana is like I'll be cool together
you know I finally tried pot yeah I find
violate it what happened I never I never
I never tried it before but no I was I
was actually um years ago I was in
Colorado for twenty backstage at a snoop
concert oh geez you have to try it I
didn't have to because I was secondhand
stone oh it's like it's like it's like
when when I go to church with Coco I
mean literally with Church with Coco for
people to understand what we're saying
Church of what's happening now podcast
with Joey Diaz that's right right I
didn't mean that I actually went to like
a Santeria trash in sacrifice to check
it although we have done that in Miami
when he's out of Miami all bets are off
right when Joey's down but like like I'm
in the middle of a story on his podcast
I fucking forgot the end of the story a
little like I told and I like ended it
and then only the next day did I go I
never told him the end of that story I
forgot it but so that someone says snoop
snoop wants to meet you
he's in his dressing room backstage at
this concert so go fuck yeah I'm gonna
go meet snow for you kidding so I open
the door to this backstage area dude I
can't see my hand in front of my frog if
I like I was like like windshield wipers
in my fucking glasses I can't see shit
and I'm I'm wandering and I got maybe
halfway down the hall and I was I can't
you know just panting on my hands in
ease housing I can't do I so I couldn't
go back to the next year like tears that
are I'm back in Colorado never because I
was making fun of me
because I like you went to Colorado and
didn't smoke there like that's like
going to hit early and not eating pasta
you know I was like okay he's next time
next time so I go out and I try it and I
was like all I kept saying was I wish I
was drunk I wish I was
I wish I was just I don't know it was
like a bad I just it was so antisocial I
felt so weird
I felt so sort of introverted and I was
unfortunately in like a they have this
pot-smoking Church in Denver whoa
yeah it's like you go and you can just
smoke pot and it's literally in this old
church they got beautiful paintings on
the wall it's crazy it's trippy and so I
was there and I tried it and I was like
how much did you saw not a lot
two hits two three yeah that's too much
is that too much yeah you wanna like if
I was you your friend and I was why I'm
your friend but if I was right next to
you at the time I'd say Oh baby hit
Billie just a little baby's like this
that's all I want
just and then let's just relax don't get
crazy don't take it when it comes back
around again it's too much - god damn
strong today it's not what it used to be
I was in very recently in Austin Texas
and Texas still has regular weed it's
very good weed but it's regularly well
give you smoky and you like I'm here
everything's fine
California no longer these motherfuckers
right here these little backwoods that
Jesus that is not regular weed that's
got a glass tip and that will put you on
the fucking moon
bryan callen had one hit of it last week
you couldn't drive himself home hours
later hours later he was still here he
had to get my friend Brenda to come and
get him there's a different shit so next
time I did it I did something someone
said you know what maybe you should try
something else
yes the Teva versus Indiana I tried it
second time laughs my ass I was with
funny friends okay and I had a fucking
blast so I don't know what I did or
shouldn't have done or should do or
shouldn't do but it was I had a lot of
fun
yeah sativa is more you're thinking more
it's a little bit you have a little bit
more energy
indica crushes you you just like oh my
god I gotta go somewhere and lie down I
can't handle this it's but it's
different for different people as well
but I'll tell you that chick-fil-a
tastes damn Oh way better it tastes
great I gotta tell you it tastes great I
mean it's more ignorant
Felicity you're saying yeah thank you
how do I explain to my kids why it's
closed on Sunday we're driving by how
come no one's there I go cuz it's the
baby Jesus day okay if you really want
to celebrate the baby Jesus though all
right let's hear me OTT I watch a lot of
TBN because I'm a lunatic and I like I
always wonder like if the Jews want
television all the time we were on
television going like send us money what
would they say about us but for some
reason I don't know why Jesus needs a
lot of money cuz they're always on TV
telling you to send your money to Jesus
right so I'm thinking if you really want
to do something for Jesus chick-fil-a
open on Sunday and donate all of your
revenue to Jesus to churches yeah all
the after you think of the money just
the after church crowd alone
everybody would flock no pun intended
right to the chick-fil-a
and stock up and they'd have all them
but they could even have people
volunteer to work those days and donate
all your money to Jesus because he
apparently needs I don't know what he
needs with it but he needs a lot of
money well I don't know if the
chick-fil-a guys the people own an art
of the same ilk as the Trinity
Broadcasting Network folks because those
TBN folks I don't think you're being
mean by saying they're shysters
you know straight yeah they're just
they're just stealing money from people
I think that chick-fil-a guys like a
legitimately religious person who really
truly believes that he's saving the
world from gay folk marrying each other
yeah bro bro it's not logical but they
make it goddamn good chicken Sam gotcha
great man I tell you again I think it's
more ignorance and hate but I've just
rhyme just ignorant but but like I don't
know and they had this lunatic on he's
on all the time they're paid half our
shows but this peter Popoff guy oh yeah
the fucking miracle spring water and the
prosperity the prosperity preachers mmm
talk about a fucking bill of goods man
you know that guy creflo dollar
his name is fucking creflo I'm guessing
yeah that's not his Christian name but
it's but is this evangelical name is
he made that name private I would hope
so that was that that was the dude you
tweeted about him years ago that was the
dude who was out in the world getting
donations because he needed to update or
upgrade his g4 yeah to a g6
and I was like g6 Christ this fucking
this guy I was going to say I need doing
it because I need to spread the gospel
yeah and so you need to give me money so
that because my g4 just ain't cutting it
anymore I need to upgrade I was like I
wish he had gotten a 737 max eight but
that's just me it's just so amazing that
that hustle still works the the the
prosperity ones are so gross because
they go after people that are so poor
and destitute that they can't pay their
bills and they tell them if you just
send me money God will pay you back
tenfold and I know what you're saying
you don't have any money but you do you
do you take that money you send it to
Jesus and Jesus will bring prosperity in
your life and then they have all these
folks that are giving testimonials about
how I was down on my luck I didn't have
money for rent I didn't have money for
food but I knew that Jesus needed this
money so I sent Jesus the money and
Jesus paid me back tenfold and now my
life is filled with joy and prosperity
am I being hateful when I say that that
is what religion preys on the lives or
the no I'm searching for answers yeah
but I think for some people there's like
I mean this is older wiser me right when
I was younger I would agree with you a
hundred percent but I think at this
point I think there's some benefit to
like having community and having this
environment where everybody goes to be
humbled and everybody goes to agree that
they're gonna be good people that follow
the ethics of Jesus and you put a little
money in the dish and you know they have
to keep the operation running and
there's a lot I think there's a lot of
churches that do a lot of good but I
think for every one or two that do a lot
of good there's these motherfuckers that
are just stealing money and drive and
Rolls Royce it's just it's giant fucking
castles you know like that Joel whatever
his name is what's that guy's name
Osteen yeah that Houston that
motherfucker he owns a huge arena he
they do this
and he caught a rash of shit when he
didn't let all the hurricane victims
stay in his place yeah see he was holed
up in his ten million dollar mansion
there was only 10 million you know it's
not his only property you know I mean he
has several houses it's just so
distorted though the whole idea of it
also distorted but I think I think
there's a lot of community churches that
do a lot of good where they provide
people with comfort you know I you know
it doesn't necessarily have to make any
sense and it doesn't make any sense but
it provides them with comfort
I appreciate like I respect people of
faith I think it must feel wonderful I
don't know how it feels but I it must be
wonderful to believe in something like
that so devoutly without any evidence
without any indication or proof
whatsoever that what you so firmly
believe in is true but it's the
hypocrisy of it that I just can't abide
by right like these prosperity guys yeah
I'd like the prosperity guys like people
who used to have a or claim to have some
kind of holier-than-thou moral code that
now think like the pimp president school
it's like I get it but like but your
whole thing was like the Bill Clinton
was the biggest scumbag in the world
right I needed to be impeached and
castrated and but like let's have some
consistency it's hypocrisy that I can't
abide by let's have some consistency is
all well particularly with Trump because
Trump was uh this is not a knock on him
but he was a lifelong Democrat I mean he
only really became a Republican we
thought about running for president yeah
and he was an independent for a minute
then he was a Democrat again then he was
a Republican it's a pure hustle I mean
the the glass has been cleaned and
squeegeed and you could see right
through it that's why I works on the
evangelicals that's what I'm saying he's
like the pimp Joel Osteen like he's like
that's what it is well you know he's
hustle yeah and I don't want to be mean
about this but I think it's accurate
that there's there's a level of
intellect that just subscribes to that
kind of stuff
that like I had a friend she was in the
Mormon Church for a long time and she
left the church but she was really
honest about it she said I have a
problem
I'm susceptible to bullshit like she's
susceptible Assoc susceptible to you
know to like yoga type people like gurus
crystals and the lights feel the light
she's susceptible to all that shit and
she would recognize her susceptibility
but she was being really honest about it
you know that she's like I have a real
problem I grew up believing something
that doesn't make any sense and I
believed it wholeheartedly and she goes
and that sort of formulated a big part
of how I ascertained what is accurate in
the world
so she's left with he's like a child
like skills of being able to discern
what's bullshit and what's a hustle
she's like a little kid I have a great
amount of respect for people who grow up
in a cult and who can make their way out
of it hmm I mean can you imagine when
you're a child you're most
impressionable and and you're steeped in
that that's all you know like you don't
know that there's an alternate
perspective and and you're able to grow
up and say oh wait there's a whole big
world out there maybe I'm not being told
the truth and that's incredibly powerful
it's really hard I think for it to break
with the only thinking that you've ever
known in your life I think it's amazing
it's one of the probably one of the
hardest things that a grown adult has to
do is to recognize that the paradigm
this this framework they've been living
in their life under is all to utter
horseshit it's like I mean the Mormon
one is so crazy too because it's like
the the results are great the people are
so nice yeah they're the nicest cult
members of all times but then you go
back and look at the actual framework of
the religion itself you like wait a
minute wait a minute he was 14 he like
hold on Joseph Smith was 14 in 1820 when
he found golden tablets that contained
the lost work of Jesus and only he could
read him because he had a magic rock but
like that's Judaism and Catholicism it's
all there all of the frequency
mythological horseshit but they know who
the guy was like I mean he's so recent
to Reese it's - well that's the thing is
it you know it's like Scientology it's
like yes well we know it's a lie
Scientology
crazy well a science fiction writer yeah
literally was failed a failed science
article writer terrible failed science
fiction writer that motherfucker never
made a second draft in his life
and one day said the if you want to make
real money start a religion yeah that is
his greatest quote ya did it and then I
bless him can't knock his hustle people
want to buy into that
what's amazing how we 2019 it's still
rockin like some less you I mean it is
even after all those documentaries even
have to lay a Remini show yeah all these
things just they go out in the world
they tell everybody it's horseshit and
then a brand new Scientology Center
opens in Miami I'm like seriously
we know you're in you're open we already
know some people don't know the people
who don't know are never gonna know
that's what it is it's like you're going
if you know if you want to put into
money like some people have $100 some
people have $5 and this is like
intellectually some people have a lot of
room to work with some people don't they
just their brain doesn't work as good
just like some people have poor genetics
when it comes to their ability to run
fast some people have really shitty
brain development genetics let me ask
you this because obviously you would
have sympathy for someone who is taking
advantage of or swindled or the fiction
of a con con person and how much
sympathy do you have for the gleefully
ignorant or the willfully ignorant
meaning like the information is there
it's available before I give Scientology
my money I could just I don't know
google it right how much sympathy do you
have for like the willfully ignorant
people who who sort of it's like the
fucking dude from my airplane they
bought their tickets they knew what they
were getting into
you know I say let him crash you know
like well I'm a big fan of Willie D from
the ghetto boys and he has a quote that
I always like to use you gotta let a hoe
be a hoe and I think in that sense like
you got to let dummies get fleeced it's
just part of and part of it is there for
us to see part of it is there for you to
go what they gave away all their money
oh shit
like there's something to that it
benefits us like I'm not a fan
of these videos where kids try to
skateboard off the side of a building
and they slip and fall and land on their
head and everybody's like oh shit
but but those videos serve a purpose and
that purpose is not everybody gets to do
the handstand on the side of the
building and survive some people fall on
the land on their fucking head and
they're never the same again yeah and
then they they're left with like a third
graders IQ for the rest of their life
that's real man so it's George Carlin's
bit about you know the kid who swallows
the most marbles doesn't get to grow up
and have kids of his own that's how it's
supposed to work unfortunately it sucks
if it's your kid it's all of us or
experiencing this life together and
there's some folks that are just they're
gonna do a shitty job of it and part of
me thinks that because there is no
utopia right there is no enlightened
people there's no one civilization
that's got it all nailed and everybody
gets along together and everyone's
totally fine with every single choice
everybody makes cuz ever been to Waffle
House yes that's that's a utopians close
depending on how drunk you are because
of that I think we operate under this
this weird system where you've got to
see the failures in order to recognize
that failure is possible I think there's
a there's actual community benefit to
people fucking up and there's some
community benefit to people getting
fleeced listen I I always say that I
first well I don't believe anybody that
says any artist or anybody out out in
the world creating something and putting
it out there for people to react to it I
don't believe anyone who says they don't
read their reviews so their own reviews
I read all of the reviews and I read the
bad ones twice because that's where you
learn the most they could be right they
could be wrong but right I feel like you
just it's where you fuck up that like
you you learn the most from it and and I
think I feel like there's a white man in
America all the time I have to keep
myself in check the way you were
describing earlier about how like you
know what if you just come to realize
that maybe the world isn't exactly the
way you perceive it mm-hmm and that
maybe there's a lot of other people who
have very different experiences from the
ones that you have and so maybe the
reality of the world is
different for those people sure and you
can be a more enlightened person by
being more empathetic and trying to
understand those perspectives trying to
walk you know a mile in their shoes and
I just feel like I I've learned so much
more from the mistakes that I made the
failures that I've had certainly than
any of the successes I have in my home I
have no I have movie posters but they're
like art they're other people's movies
you know I have none of my own movie
posters at home that's that's that's at
the office that's not what home is for
you know except I had one for a while
I had one poster of one of my movies
that I hung in the bathroom over the
toilet because it was a my least
favorite and I just wanted to be
reminded every like that that was the
time I took a shit you know like for the
whole world to see and I hung it over
it's either for a number of years it's
not there anymore but like I just I just
I wanted to remind myself of it you know
you're a smart guy you take motivation
and failures I mean that's what failures
are really good for when you fail at
something there's there's a benefit to
that and that you you go god that sucked
I don't ever want to suck again like let
me figure out a way to not suck like I
always say that with about comics like
when we bomb that is it's a terrible
feeling but it's the best opportunity
for growth because you realize like hey
I obviously didn't do a good job I need
to figure out what the fuck I did wrong
and batten down the hatches and get this
ship right cuz I can't experience that
again I became a comedy fan in no small
part because I have been to shows where
I've seen some of the biggest funniest
guys bomb and I'm like Jesus short of
being a soldier or a cop
or like a stuntman this is one of the
most dangerous self-destructive jobs
like it's it requires such bravery and
such strength of soul and thickness of
skin that like I went fuckin Vegas just
like 2000 and Sol Carlin big beautiful
room sat like front row it was weird cuz
like the stage was like a wall like I
was sitting against like the fucking
stage and I had to look up and like
Karlin Shu would like pass like right in
front of my eyes just above my my eye
line and
he was doing material for one of his
last specials and it was the one I think
met him in the second class he had that
whole bit about like he doesn't believe
in God but like he believes in like shit
that he can see and he's afraid of like
the Sun or Joe Pesci like you know that
whole bit and he was in this big ol
god-fearing crowd there in LA in Las
Vegas and they were not about this they
were not about it not one iota not one
little bit and he's trucking back and
forth doing it fuckin crickets fuckin
crickets packed house sold out I'm the
only one laughing in the room just me in
this giant room laughing and my ass off
and I'm all by myself and I'm at some
point I turned I stopped laughing long
enough I took a breath to take a drink
right and I looked out and then I looked
back up at the stage and Carlin he's
right there he's like hunched over with
his head like dangling off the stage
like practic and I look up and I'm
practically nose to nose with Carlin and
he goes thank you sir and just it just
walks away I'm stalking the set the
stage I was like oh my god and I saw I
was at The Improv um by in Miami when
they when they had the one at the number
the the horror on the Hard Rock I guess
are we doing it or whatever fucking
place is def
I was like I was like man you know they
say what do they say Hard Rock's the
floor though that's the Hollywood one
though yeah Hollywood that was a seminal
good oh yeah what was good maybe the bad
one was Miami
the Miami when the crow couldn't grow
that was that was rose death yeah but
but the but no it was cool but then now
it's got like they bulldoze the whole
fucking place they're supposed to be
remodeling or rebuilding at the Seminole
Hard Rock like it's like I always say
you know what's the saying that like um
in a casino the house always wins I'm
like these Indian casinos that the only
place where like the house never wins
because doesn't matter how much money
you lose there we still like raped their
women and stole their country so like
the least you could do is like drop a
little coin at the Indian casino and
that's what I would do a good play they
that was the only place that is the only
place they have blackjack in South
Florida so you can go there and play
blackjack but they bulldoze the
and I was there one night Gilbert
Godfried was there and I was literally
the only person laughing but like in
pain like I was in pain laughing and it
was just brutal and like and I've been
in these rooms were like he's got and
and I was just like these are the
funniest people that I know and it's
happened time and time again and I've
been in shows where they killed and I've
been to shows where they died and I was
like this is amazing this is so amazing
it's like the fact that anybody gets
back on stage after that after a night
like that is just it's remarkable to me
I have nothing I've such respect I
always say that bombing is like sucking
a thousand dicks in front of your mother
but not really because somewhere out
there there's a guy who loves sucking a
dick in front of his mother and if you
put another 999 he wouldn't be that sad
but no one wants a bomb in front of
their mother no one wants a bomb period
it's just terrible
it's a ruthless experience it's it's it
just rips you down and in shreds all
your self-worth makes you feel terrible
but again some of my best growth periods
in my career have come after eating shit
I just you spike you realize you go to
go to work you can't be complacent and
that's one of the things that fuels and
motivates me to this day I'm terrified
of bombing so I'll just keep it's
anything I can use to make me work
harder are you the six years since I did
my shittiest work had been like for me
artistically creatively the most
productive and like I feel finally after
20 years of making documentaries that I
might be doing like my best work like
but it took that fucking long and it
took basically almost six years from
totally bombing you know to for me to
feel like I I hit rock bottom and then
have spiked you know better than better
than before you've done some
documentaries with some dangerous people
in them you know obviously Griselda
Blanco is probably one of the most
dangerous people on earth while she was
alive
and in this that you also touch on that
I mean there's your a lot of these
people are fuckin sketchy folks and
you're exposing how stupid their
activity were does that does that ever
creep you out ever get nervous like
because you're making these
documentaries mocking these people and
you know rightly so but it's not cocaine
Cowboys we're really mocking is more
exposing but this one is like openly
mocking this one's really good man it's
really funny and he comes out March 29th
yes sir Friday yeah and uh April 5th on
VOD hmm yeah and well this one's this
one's tough because this is like a fresh
wound from Netflix March 20 I'm sorry
theaters March 29 okay and VOD April 5th
so like iTunes Amazon review on your
cable box
what kind of release you're gonna get in
the theaters I'm starting off with 12
cities on Friday the 29th and then I
mean
oh yeah for sure at the Laemmle Music
Hall oh three grand um and then where
else I think San Francisco Boston Miami
Orlando if there's like 12 cities and
then I guess depending on how well it
does it's being put out by Greenwich
Entertainment who just won the Oscar for
free solo for Best Documentary so they
know what they're doing and like I said
hopefully people will go see it and
listen it I hope it's a comedy I think
it's common it's a common we tried to
make it laughing I was like what the
fuck man that fucking guy the Tanner was
his name again Porter for sure Porter
that guy like what I just imagine if you
got one of those guys in your life and
he's just stuck in your life like shit
how do I get this fucking guy out of my
life and the fact that he borrowed money
from this guy and then did loan money
well loan money to this guy yeah Porter
loaned it to Tony yeah oh this Tony
borrowed money if this order and then
didn't pay him and that's what caused
this whole thing it is Alex Rodriguez
has got to be pulling his fucking hair
out go what in the fuck
and and Alex was paying everybody so was
MLB I mean everyone was running amok in
Miami
hmm like just the hiring Private
Investigators running people down Alex
Rodriguez actually this isn't in the
documentary
but when these convicted felons stole
the stolen documents from Porter Fisher
who had stolen the documents from Tony
Bosch they set him up in this whole
[Music]
fucking tanning salon heist like hey why
don't you go in and try this new spray
tan color it's it's trumpian orange goes
go try it on and while he's in the
fucking spray tan machine they open his
car and steal these documents which has
had these client lists of all these
famous baseball players including the
highest-paid baseball player in the
world a-rod and so they steal it and
then they turn around and sell these
stolen documents to Major League
Baseball for cash some MLB has this
ragtag band of misfits these this
internal FBI like their own internal
investigations division that they
created after the BALCO steroid scandal
they're running amok
they are seducing nurses former nurses
from Tony Bosh's clinics they are
literally in diners with convicted
felons handing over bags of cash from
some MLB slush fund I don't imagine
there we're gonna 1099 the guy and I
don't know where this cash came from 125
grand and what they did was is that the
felon who was doing it had a buddy at a
neighboring table at this diner with his
cell phone recording video recording
this transaction and then he turned
around and went to a rods camp and said
I'll sell you a video of me selling
known stolen documents everybody knew
these documents were stolen so mo B's
buying these stolen records stolen
evidence in the state of Florida
Department of Health investigation for
cash from a felon at some point he gets
like freaked out and nervous and he
deletes this video off the hard drive he
wanting some selling a rod a blank hard
drive for six figures okay and a rod
sends this hard drive he arrives people
send this hard drive around the world to
like data recovery services to try to
get this video back so unfortunately the
felon didn't get his second six-figure
payment because that was that was
the first exteriors were against the
recovery of the Deaf but he got like 2
300 grand to sell a rod a blank hard
drive an ear rods dropping money on
private investigators who are like
having car chases through South Miami it
was just totally crazy and it's like I
always say like you come down to the
swamp and roll around you're gonna get
some mud on you so when MLB came down to
to Miami when the guy Jerome Hill the
the former Baltimore cop turned Florida
Department of Health investigator he he
says unequivocally that Major League
Baseball's investigators broke the law
in the state of Florida and should have
been prosecuted for it and held
accountable for it and never and never
were I mean it's good to be a
multi-billion dollar monopoly well how
old was a rod when the scandal broke
Eric was definitely towards the end of
his career and so that's the interesting
thing about coz let's be real I don't
give a shit about steroids in baseball
and this era of steroids in baseball was
not the same as the other you know the
Barry Bonds
you know era of steroids in baseball
these were not guys you know with necks
the size of my waist or those they were
micro dosing and it was HGH in
testosterone and a lot of these guys I
mean listen they're there their
livelihoods are contingent upon your
physical performance yes and so you got
to play like what is it 162 games in 180
days it's the most physically grueling
schedule of any of the of the
professional sports and guys have always
been looking for an edge in the 1950s
the Yankees were going out the
Copacabana all fucking night apparently
okay there's an adderall issue with
baseball as well absolutely a
disproportionate number of baseball
players compared to the general
population on adderall that's why I said
it's a performance of course dancing
drug but you had guys like Mickey Mantle
and whitey Ford and Billy Martin
partying all night at the Copacabana
they have to make a 1:00 p.m. game maybe
even a doubleheader they're doing
greenies they're doing em feta means
it's always been a part of baseballs
finding that edge now you got guys who
are just looking to maybe recover a
little faster you know who from from
injuries or fatigue you're looking for
guys who are looking to maintain peak
performance for al
a longer period than their bodies might
have otherwise allowed is it that big of
a deal I don't know it's not and it's
it's it's a weird deal it's a weird
thing that we have an issue with like
you've look if they did the same sort of
stringent testing with NFL players you'd
find out that everyone's on steroids
that's just a fact you don't get people
that big and they do catch them every
now and then but I feel like it's like
one of those things we're like you know
the drug cartels they'll let some drug
drug shipments get busted so that the
other ones will get through I almost
feel like that's what they do with with
NFL players to get caught like oh look
we're testing we got somebody dude
that's what that's what this was with a
rod you know Bud Selig is the steroid
commissioner . that's the bottom line
his tenure was marked by the famous you
know Barry Bonds derby or yeah well mark
Warren Sammy Sosa
absolutely so he knowingly I believe um
exploited and profited from that era of
baseball that really saved him after 94
players strike I mean baseball says look
at the size of those guys where they
started yeah yeah yeah I mean so many of
them they literally were some of the
documentary we morph them from like a
before and after because they're did
they turn into fucking baseball monsters
snacking balls to Guantanamo for Christ
I know what's interesting to me is as
some people recovered from that stuff
and some people did not
Jose Canseco never recovered he never
recovered in the public eye and that's
why he's so pissed like that's why the
and it's fucked up with you when you're
the pioneer in something people really
and dude they had a street named after
him in Miami
yeah and they quietly took that shit
down in the middle of the night after
decades of naming that Street from he
was just totally humiliated and I think
it's also because he ratted out a lot of
guys but so did a-rod a-rod leaked names
to try to distract or defuse but it
turned out a book yeah but like it's the
public nature of can psychos book mmm
it's like I don't know I'm just guessing
because his book was like his book
turned out to be like the Jose Canseco's
book about steroids turn out to be like
the steel dossier of baseball saying
everybody thinks is pissed and thinks a
bunch of bullshit and then
for time it's slowly proven true right
at the end there's a P tape yes I think
that therefore yeah well that's that is
a good way of looking at - right because
like think about the outrage when
Clinton got his dick sucked by Monica
Lewinsky and compared it to Donald Trump
having at least two women that we know
about where he paid off they fucked and
people like ask the evangelicals where
those dead yeah and all that yeah yeah
man it was before the man found Christ a
lot of them said he find Christ I was
watching the documentary where there was
a guy who was some some Christian guy
who was saying this all of these
accusations or before he was born
because he was born in the eyes of
Christ when he accepted Christ into his
life man well I guess when he's running
for president
it's what he paid off stormy yeah but
like the night before there but after
that then he became Jesus after so after
he like oh yeah paid off stormy like
when one day before the election I feel
bad for her too because I feel like she
thought like this is gonna go all in on
this and then she lost the court case
against him so she owes his legal fees
300 grand this is crazy like fuck is she
gonna get that and now she's found
trying to do stand-up yeah I mean she's
Kraft she's trying to do stand-up I
think no she's not yes she is in Houston
Texas they were calling her the queen of
clap back all right that is wean of the
clap no no clap back oh okay you know
what clap back like she's if it has
something bad about her she's gonna come
after you even worse like a lose that
clap back expressioned like someone kim
kardashian claps back at the critics
like like that is the dumbest I cannot
wait for that one to fucking dry up and
go away not Kim Kardashian that's that
expression like Twitter insult comic
kind of stick but it's just clap back
they're calling it when someone has
something to say about someone saying
something about them that's clapping
back right but how does that translate
to stormy Daniels doing stand-up how can
you do stand-up out of clap X well they
were calling her the queen of clap back
this she's gonna do stand up again I
mean who knows maybe she's hilarious if
she's gonna take it seriously I mean you
never fucking know I mean as a comic I
leave the door open for all
abilities but I mean it just means to me
that she got this situation where she
thought she probably was told by
everybody look hey you're gonna win this
he's gonna pay you off you're gonna the
everyone's gonna know that you told the
truth and people gonna pay for your
interviews and man but this is America
is broke supply and demand economy like
if she can make more money stand-up
comedy's hard work if she can make more
money just spending on a pole yeah what
like why cuz she's got probably got bad
hips she's like in her 50s or something
doesn't she I don't know she's not man
you know she's not young how is she
she's only 40 jesus okay I'm sorry
stormy don't clap back at me ideas meal
as you say in my era hard life bro
that's just dumb it's just but that
thing is that we everyone's so used to
it now it's like not that big a deal
it's like even if a new accusation came
out people like ah like like remember
the New York Times report about Trump
we're talking about shady business
dealings and they thought I mean they
spent years rerender yeah totally didn't
do a damn thing in and out just office
shoulder it's problematic and I'll tell
you why um it's what I call the the new
American values it's to me what what I
think screwball is about in the end
meaning like yeah it's fun and it's
funny and it's a forest it's a romp you
laugh but I think that there's a
conversation to be had about what I call
the new American values which are like
eat and steal and get rich or get ahead
and these are values that we're teaching
our children now not honesty integrity
tell the truth do unto others as you'd
have done to Hunter you the golden rule
we're now showing them be a bully
lie cheat and steal and you could be the
biggest
highest-paid baseball player of all time
lie cheat and steal and you could be
the Commissioner of Major League
Baseball I gene Steele and you two kids
can be President of the United States
and I think this tox toxicity of the new
American values is going to do damage
for generations and we're not going to
be able to fully comprehend or
understand or analyze the damage it's
done for some for some time and it was
like after Clinton Clinton redefined
what sex meant and we were adults he
could laugh at it but the truth is is
that he said oral sex wasn't sex right
okay and we saw the spike in sexually
transmitted diseases among teenagers and
young people mostly through oral sex
because they said oh well the president
said really absolutely yeah talk about a
health yeah it was it was a legitimate
public health crisis use you saw
following the Clinton Lewinsky scandal
you saw an increase in sexually
transmitted diseases through oral sex
amongst younger people because the
president it's hard for us to because we
see the president right now is sort of a
comic you know as he's sort of it's it's
you know he's a reality show president
we know it's bullshit but what do you
tell kids this is the President of the
United States is that what it was or was
it because there was so much discussion
about him getting his dick sucked that
more people wanted to suck dicks and get
their dick sucked I think without
question obviously the the size and
scale of coverage yeah unquestionably
got people warming people people for a
while people thought but I say people
I'm trying to people developing minds
impressionable youths were under the
impression that you could not get a
sexually transmitted a disease through
something that wasn't sex
and the president reset those values
just like this president I feel is re
calibrating our values and and I think
that that's that's what's most I mean
other than to the potential of nuclear
war I think I think that is what is most
dangerous and what could could cause the
most long-term damage from this is these
new American values lie cheat and steal
I was literally at a Q&A with one of the
kids that the little kid Ryan Blanco who
plays Tony Bosh
in the movie the lab coat and the hair
he's he's hilarious and so they're all
great and he said I always had a Q&A and
I was like you know what lessons do we
learn from this movie and he'd this is
where I got this from he interrupted
he's ten years old and he's like oh I
know I know I'm like Brian off to raise
your hand it's your Q&A - dude you're
you're on the panel and it's like lie
cheat and steal and to win or something
like that I was like you know fuck this
kids ten years old you know and I'm like
this is what he thinks the values of
America are well that's interesting
because in the documentary one of the
big things the news clippings is George
Bush discussing steroids in baseball in
2004 was the 2000 State of the Union
yeah and he was talking about how it
sends the wrong message that cheating in
baseball sends the wrong message to the
youth of America and there's I thought
that was silly at the time I was like I
will fucking message but the reality is
those things do have a ripple effect and
if you tell people that the way to
become this superstar athlete is not
just through hard work and dedication
but also through taking things that are
illegal because they're gonna pump you
up and give you an edge on your
competitors we're a shortcut Society so
we look for those those tricks of the
trade you know we're always and we and
we don't believe necessarily when people
do achieve something naturally or via
hardwork we go and what did what did he
do what did she do what she really do
you probably miss some of those
shortcuts work like adderall like
steroids they fucking work man you know
the UFC has had a giant problem with
them for a long time and it was
exacerbated by this time period in the
early 2000s where they allowed people I
guess it wasn't quite the early 2000s it
was actually later in the 2000s where
they allowed people to take exogenous
testosterone under therapeutic use
exemption z' they would call it trt and
so this famous like the Vitor Belfort
era when he was on TRT just starts
smashing people because he looks so
ridiculous he was so jacked and that
during that time period they
they fell into this there was a sort of
a really a piss-poor way of justifying
it that justification once these people
have low testosterone low testosterone
this disease if we give them
testosterone they can perform better but
the way around that was these guys were
actually on steroids the steroids
crashed their testosterone that go and
get a test
look my testosterone is low like yep you
need testosterone and then they would
take steroids you know essentially not
steroids but testosterone which has you
know similar effects and and then
eventually the UFC said look we fucked
up we're gonna go a hundred degrees the
other 180 degrees the other way and
higher you sada and we're gonna we're
gonna crawl up everyone's ass with a
microscope we're gonna find out what the
fuck is up and man body's changed
careers crumbled beaming we saw so many
people get busted in the beginning so
many people got caught and still getting
a TJ Dillashaw
just got caught who's a bantamweight
champion just just relinquished his belt
for something I don't know what he got
caught for I don't know what the
circumstances were some people have been
caught for accidental contamination
because there's a lot of different
supplements you could buy even creatine
standard stuff that's totally legal to
take but they they're contaminated
because you're buying them from cheap
sources they make him in China and
what-have-you that was the problem with
this biogenesis thing is first of all
Tony Bosh who wore a lab coat had a
stethoscope hilarious called himself dr.
T yeah that said dr. Tony Bosh
he's a veteran Belize which I think I am
too have to check my email medical
school is dr. pepper and dr. Dre well
I'm a ordained minister just so you know
I've actually married people that's
legal yeah I'm legally ordained minister
I got it online
Tony Bosh despite having attended what
one of our interview subjects refers to
as the beliefs School of the medical and
Performing Arts okay doctorate he was
never a licensed physician in the United
States and he was yet he had legitimate
prescription pads and DEA numbers from
doctors that he could then prescribe
these drugs and in fact wanted to go one
step further like we were talked about
with the pill mills and actually sell
them in-house to his clients
and was buying them in the black market
from some dude in a suburb of Miami
making the shit in his garage so that's
problematic well you know here's one
that's problematic that's kind of weird
doctors of chiropractic like you know
they don't go to medical school and they
some of them check this is check of this
is true can chiropractors write
prescriptions I don't think that they
can I think some of them really I think
in some places they can write
prescriptions it's not like in Tennessee
or in like we're it's where is that a
thing says no so they can't I guess some
of them could be doctors though mmm
adjustment you're right you feel it no
don't
how about that I went to a chiropractor
yeah I thought they were real until I
started reading about how it actually
got full and a lot of people out there
that are chiropractors say I do a lot of
good for people I'm sure you do there's
a lot of good therapies that
chiropractors also offer
so do churches but the the actual
evidence that manipulating people
especially your neck that it does any
good at all there's none and it actually
has killed people people have died from
having the neck manipulated well I I
felt a lot lighter after the kyra
measure by about $400 when I yeah I mean
they do a lot of shit cold laser and
massage and stuff that doesn't work but
if you look at the you know it was
invented by a guy who's a magnetic
healer who was murdered by his own son
his own son murdered him ran over him
with a car and then took over the
business
sounds like a Sondheim musical it does
crazy it's and it was all in like the
1800s and we've had it for so long that
people most people didn't look into it
and say well what is this what is the
science of this this guy thought that he
could cure everything including
blindness leukemia cancer from adjusting
your back this was his premise was based
on has I don't you came from a seance
and now there's no more blindness or
leukemia or it's amazing but there are
still chiropractors that buy into that
same idea that they can cure things that
it's not just you're dealing with pain
right and if they manipulate you they
can relieve pain no they can cure you of
certain ailments because of your spine
being on a aligned incorrectly they're
gonna adjust it its popping you just
like this just like you do that with
your fingers when you cry
chuckles that's it's the same thing it's
like a release of nitrogen or something
I don't not exactly sure what causes the
crap but legitimately yeah but I don't
see did you see anything no okay maybe
I'm wrong but I'm proficient I'll tell
you that Toni Bosch could not write
prescriptions but he was exactly he was
doing it anyway or irregardless as we
say my dad doing it right regardless we
see we see you regardless in Miami
because we're illiterate but I use it
you're ironically though so I see no but
I think I think you might have swiped a
pad from his doctor who from his father
who was a legitimate a legitimate doc so
he's forging his dad's yeah and he had
he had a you know what they called
medical directors that's part of these
the whole anti-aging scheme really
prospered in the state of Florida as you
can imagine and in no small part because
there's a lot of doctors who from all
over the country retire to Florida but
they are still medical doctors so you
have guys like Tony Bosch
entrepreneurial with an entrepreneurial
spirit who want to open up these
anti-aging clinics and they need what's
called a medical director so they go to
a legitimate doctor and they say hey
kind of rent us we'll put your name on
the business you'll get a cut of the
action and they're basically renting out
their prescription pad and DEA number so
that guy's you know these other
operators who in this case identify
themselves falsely as doctors can you
know exploit that that power of the
prescription pad and so that's what was
happening here and more problematic he
started treating high school kids
oh no and whose parents and baseball
coaches had heard about him through
word-of-mouth
and brought these kids to him to get an
advantage you know we have a big
immigrant community obviously in Miami
we have a lot it's a huge baseball
community mmm mommy of people who are
smuggled specifically into the country
for the purpose of playing baseball and
signing those big guaranteed contracts
right out of high school
and so you have parents and kids and
coaches looking for every advantage
we're going to this guy you know they
weren't hearing about him in the high
school locker room these were coaches
and parents who are bringing their
parents too you might say a guy who they
presumed was a real doctor but
nonetheless looking to cheat you know to
gain the system
and that's problematic when you have
this guy who knows he knows he's not a
doctor but he was a true believer in
himself he really thought he was helping
people and listen the proofs in the
pudding
this guy could not exploit traditional
advertising he wasn't doing billboards
and TV ads he just he was strictly
word-of-mouth so he had clients who were
getting results including nearly a
hundred cops who were referring their
friends mmm - his clinics so these
parents came to him looking for help
help for their kids and those kids are
our victims
yeah well that's for sure this is the
last thing you want to do to a kid
especially one that doesn't have any
sort of real hormonal ailment is to
inject exogenous hormones into their
body it just fucks their brain up their
emotions their their entire endocrine
system crashes afterwards it causes
depression Citra leads to suicide and a
lot of kids and depending what you're
doing to them you could also be risking
their offspring particular offspring
sure yeah you could be killing their
sperm yeah yeah you definitely can you
have a disproportionate amount of I mean
in the steroid use population of autism
childhood cancer just horrible horrible
things that happened to the the children
of people who are on some of these drugs
I think a lot of the folks that are
looking at it in terms of a career in
baseball or in any other sport where
they get benefit they go hey this is the
price that I have to pay in order to
excel at this extraordinary Avenue for
financial gain
well Tony Vash was treating Manny
Ramirez mm-hmm and when he was in Boston
and low testosterone you know he was
getting on in the years and Bosh started
treating him put him on a protocol as he
called it take the you know X amount of
Y substance etc at this time each day
micro dosing as you said so it wouldn't
in the event that they were randomly
tested that wouldn't be detected I don't
know if that worked or not or he was
giving them placebos on certain days I
don't know what the the scheme was but
Manny starts to come back again I don't
know if it was psychosomatic or he
really was actually performing better
and that's when he got his Dodgers deal
it was like a 40 million
dollar deal in theoretically thanks in
no small part to this guy who was you
know who was juicing him and that's and
then man he gets busted pisses dirty
after a surprise test before a game
because according to Bosh he didn't take
the micro dose on precisely the
instructions you know that he had given
them and so pissed dirty and as a result
of the what you would assume was
negative publicity from Manny getting
busted and then connecting it to Tony
Bosh in Miami that was the word of mouth
that got a rods cousin to come to Bosh
and say hey you should meet my cousin
he's playing this game in Tampa come up
in and meet him and it turns out that
it's Alex Rodriguez it's just amazing
that someone who made as much money as
Alex Rodriguez has knuckleheads like
that who can't see the future because if
I was his friend I'd be like hold on
hold on hold on he's already been busted
dude listen to me they're looking at him
they're watching you know 9 yeah
meanwhile they weren't even weren't even
they don't listen
baseball is like everything else in
American life now including politics
it's the WWE hmm okay when Bud Selig the
steroid commissioner was on his way out
the door literally on the eve of
retirement and he's like you know what I
need to look like I'm doing something
about this
cuz I got a great big fat ass tricked by
my name in you know in the record books
here like all these players do of the
steroid era I need to look like I did
something on my way out the door so he
calls the second-in-command Rob Manfred
and says let's do let's do something
about this and they go after the biggest
scalp you can in the game Alex Rodriguez
yeah and so when they needed alex is the
heel that was the storyline yeah okay
so they nail Alex alright you know the
Vince McMahon of the game Bud Selig goes
I took care of them retires Rob Manfred
who was in charge of this whole botched
you know quasi legal operation
investigation biogenesis and and Alex
gets the the top gig and is now the
Commissioner of baseball and he goes you
know would be a good storyline now what
if I bring a rod and Petros back as
commentators
they did for a while a rod and Petros
were working together by the way they
were damn good they remember damn good
television dude and as commentators
until Petros got in trouble again they
asked him but now you've got Rob Manfred
who basically put it all on the line and
a rod who put it all on the line
fighting each other in this battle of
the legacies with Bud Selig now they're
posing with JLo out at nightclubs and
stuff because that's the new storyline
the story let you know if one day you're
the heel the next day you're the hero
here it's like whatever whatever and and
and they're just selling everybody this
this bill of goods that this is all real
you don't really have a picture that was
him with a minotaurs body sent or sent
are so real so this is I don't know if
this is apocryphal or real I know people
who have been on the apartment and
claimed to have seen it the problem is
is I don't I don't know if they're
telling the truth or they're like kind
of like fueling the the apocryphal tale
so yeah I want to believe I want to
believe that's the problem we all want
to believe so I mean spoiler alert
we fucking we did it we put it in their
kids face amazing yes the kid who plays
a rod is a fucking amazing it's a light
eyes well it's just his is like Wendy's
do I don't want to give too much of her
way but making the funny faces in court
it's like fucking hilarious I mean it's
so good and I was just laughing I was
like this is so ridiculous and to know
this is all something that really
happened I have to tell you we've been
at this making documentaries for like 20
years now almost and so this is the most
as ridiculous and fucking absurd as this
is it is the most meticulously
researched documentary we have ever done
why we're dealing with some very
powerful litigious yes
individuals and organizations so we knew
we had to get this 100% right not to
mention the way we shot this on set on
location for 10 days we had the playback
on the set so we were committed to this
dialogue right right and so we had to
make sure we went and obtained
transcripts that were never released
publicly
a sworn testimony in the case to be able
to cross-check some of the stuff that we
were told and we're gonna put in the
documentary and we just I mean we
actually shot at some of the actual
locations in Miami where these real
events took place the fountain will live
at the Fontainebleau Hotel you know the
nightclub the Sports Grill in South
Miami the ritz-carlton in Key Biscayne
we actually took the kids there put the
facial hair on put the fucking cop
uniforms on and the you pinstripes on
and we just filmed them all over town
buts funny about how did in Miami no one
looked twice at us no one thought
anything of just us running around these
little kids with beards and mustaches in
gray hair and the fucking scene where
they're looking for the blood in the
nightclub we lost the vial I'm like what
in the fuck in fact that he drew his
blood in the bathroom and then lost the
vial like Jesus Christ it was so crazy I
was just watching it like shaking my
head like this is all real this is how
this went down that guy was worth how
many hundreds of millions of dollars how
much Oh 400 million was his gross
revenue just in baseball and he just had
knuckleheads I mean the fact that he was
like willing to keep this guy around him
he grew up in Miami that's when you
surround yourself with when you when you
grow up in Miami and that scene was a I
mean that scene we had like all those
kids like that all the extra kids
partying shoutout to my director of
photography BG gold net key to the hell
of a job like that was somehow getting
so great it's a great documentary but
all your shit's great damn I'm a big fan
of all your stuff but this one's
particularly silly you should come down
to Miami you should see we're doing I'm
almost embarrassed to say it I just
mentioned did you earlier we turned
cocaine Cowboys into a stage play yeah
you were saying that before we started
in like wow how come it's not a musical
okay calm down and and he's called
confessions of a cocaine cowboy you
might remember in the documentary there
was a hit man Jorge reveai ala who he
worked for la Medina the godmother
Griselda Blanco and when we first
started researching the dock in 2004 we
obtained a seven-volume 1300 page
deposition that he gave and normally in
a depo you're like the answer is like
yes no yes no I don't remember you no
don't recall this was like he was a
cooperating witness against Griselda in
in in miami-dade County state of Florida
was a three capital murder charges so
three death penalties we're talking old
Sparky cases and the electric chair and
so he was cooperating witness so it read
like a monologue it read like a I'm
reading it and going on with the new
world school the arts high school which
was where I studied theater so I was
reading a lot of plays and I was like oh
shit this is this would be like a great
play and fifteen years later we we
turned it into confession of a cocaine
confessions of a cocaine cowboy and you
said it's kind of funny so it's just
someone described it oh shit yeah my
producing partner that's Yancey arias
from formerly spoiler alert he's not on
the show anymore this character got into
some trouble queen of the south on USA
he's brilliant in the show and so my
producing partner David sip can describe
who co-produced cocaine Cowboys and
edited edited it with me he's described
as a cross between cocaine Cowboys and
my Twitter feed that's how he described
it so like it's a little reverent it's
obviously a little absurd if you're
gonna put kind of cocaine Cowboys is a
live theater event so we kind of
acknowledged the absurdity of it and the
business the the surreal exploitation of
it and you know the guy Michelle Hausman
who's the the director of the play at
Miami new drama at the colony theater in
Miami Beach on Lincoln Road he said um
he said why are we doing cocaine Cowboys
for the theater in 2019 and I was like
it's a good question because like it
speaks to the relevance of like why do
this now and I say well if you take away
from the documentary you take away the
drugs and the money it's really a story
about immigrants children and gun
violence that's what it's about and what
could be more relevant in the
contemporary conversation than
immigration children and gun violence
and so ultimately I wanted to make a
story about
the Miami of yesterday but the America
of today like I said the Miami of today
is the America of tomorrow so here's a
story about Miami in the 1980s but it
really resembles the America of today
and so to do that we had to not make it
totally fucking depressing and
disturbing we injected a lot of humor
and a lot of irreverence and into it um
the woman Zillah Mendoza who plays
resulta Blanco also plays the state
attorney so she has his dual role as
sort of these end dueling antagonists
against Rivi the hitman and it's just a
you know I was writing it with a friend
or an Squire this great TV writer and
Chiron played both roles because I felt
that they were flip sides of the same
coin
I think the the state attorney is an
interesting character they're different
clothes oh yeah she changed and has it
has different hair and in fact the
performances are so different and the
voices are so different that sila does
some people after the show would be like
oh my god she was amazing
sheila was amazing is uh Griselda Blanco
who's the actress that plays the state
attorney Kathy and we're like oh we
won't tell the kids so we're the last
time I heard of that being done
effectively was Mars Attacks I like Mars
Attacks
these real underrated does yeah Tim
Burton hugely under amazing scores that
yeah I don't know like especially now I
feel like it really holds up I still go
act act for Posterous I love that movie
people love it I love my god they're
crazy it's great it's holds up man you
know I watched it like two years ago it
holds up it's wonderful yes that's
interesting that you chose to use the
same woman did you think about that for
a while do you have another woman you
always wanted to do it from the
beginning
yeah always I just I've a strange
relationship with the state attorney in
in Miami Dade County hmm um she's been
the state attorney for about 26 years
now and and you know when she was first
elected she was like the first Cuban
state attorney in the state of Florida
um very ambitious she was she's been the
only state attorney we've had since
Janet Reno left us for the Clinton
administration oh that's how long she's
been state attorney so now she has one
of those records where you examine it
and you say okay what's actually
happening in this town when people say
to me like why is Miami so fucking
corrupt what you know why does
corruption grow you know greater and
wider than fucking oranges in in Miami
and the reason is when you have the top
cop in town does not effectively enforce
public corruption laws and does not
pursue public corruption you have an
area where it's just you send a message
of impunity that's the bottom line you
know no trouble arresting innocent young
black kids on drug charges or whatever
but like when it comes to enforcing
public corruption
she's just non-existent and so what
happens is is you you have a and and of
course it's like the broken windows
theory of crime if you allow petty
corruption to to to go eventually some
of these politicians wind up literally
in a closet at City Hall accepting bags
full of money and the only thing we've
been able to rely on to some extent is
the feds coming in and trying to help
but you have a state attorney who has
never in her 26 years in office charged
a police officer for non duty killing
whoa despite a proliferation of these
incidents so it's not like it's oh it's
not happening as often the incidents
have exploded and the reason the
incidents have exploded is because
police know that they'll get away with
it because Kathy will not prosecute them
so the message that's being sent is a
dangerous one and it has created a toxic
effect with the relationship between
obviously police and-and-and the
citizens that they're supposed to be
protecting and serving and it's it's
created a very dangerous you know
situation in the city and it's also
created a situation where just like
mayor after mayor just gets away with
pure fuckery you know oh yeah and that's
that's it's not a sexy answer people I
was likewise Miami's so corrupted that
people
want some sort of sexy answer and I say
well when the top cop is the same person
for 26 years you know if you're looking
at something if you want to know what's
wrong in a community or with anything
you don't look at what change isn't mean
mayor's come and go police chiefs come
and go commissioners come and go killers
come and go you know criminals come and
go you look at the constants you say
what's been the same here for 26 years
that's got to be the problem and sure
shit that's that's the problem so I
wanted to make a statement about the
state of Miami today and say that that
you know also the result of Blanco was
born in Colombia in a very difficult
time in the history of that country
during la violencia this brutal civil
brutal civil war between liberal and
conservative parties that went on for
like 20 years almost caused caused the
horrific murders of like 200,000 people
some very brutal some very public it's
been reported that she has a hobby with
her friends and their youth you just run
around in just bury bodies that were
just lying in the street they're lying
around like that was just a hobby
something for the kids to do and so you
grow up in that environment we were
saying earlier like you open a cult you
grow up in that environment your psyches
fucked you know you're not exactly born
into money or power or wealth you know
your dad's not a judge you don't exactly
have those benefits or opportunities and
if you can try to make something of
yourself I mean the problem of course is
a result the Blanco went into a and
illicit and illicit trade but a trade
that a lot of people in Colombia were
getting into from that era it's just I
wanted to have a discussion about a lot
of the characters argue with each other
in the play about how different
everybody is it's like that how Miami is
like Game of Thrones in paradise with
slightly fewer dragons you know like we
just self segregate and it becomes this
battle of fiefdom xand and because we're
not like we're not multicultural we're
very much segregated like I always say
the common misconception about Miami is
that were a melting pot we are not a
melting pot we are a TV dinner where
sometimes the peas fall into the mashed
potatoes you know we have our little
kingdoms you know
bye-bye flag by nationality very much so
and so everybody's arguing about how
we're different and the plays sort of
when you walk away you're like okay but
this is a conversation about how we're
all the same and some of us have
different opportunities than then than
others and it's just a bat matter of
what we're able to make of those of
those opportunities and that was sort of
the comparison I was baking by because
it's a little locally it's a little
scandalous the fact that the same
actress plays both of these these very
powers but also because Kathy the state
attorney is a very powerful popular
figure so because you've publicly stated
there's a reason there's parallels
between her and Gasol the Ponca and
let's say the portrayal is not the most
flattering mmm in the play worried I
think she gets a fair shake in the play
but but rivey the character through his
commentary comes down pretty hard on her
I've been publicly very critical of her
I think it hope in a constructive way on
publicly and via social media and but I
mean 26 years and it's almost 70 people
yeah you know but that is fascinating
you got to wonder if it's a spoken
agreement or if this is just a known
sort of just this is just how she does
business you don't have to worry I call
it a conspiracy of convenience because
not every conspiracy involves a bunch of
you know a rogues gallery had a
boardroom table in a dark smoky room you
know it's talking about okay how we're
gonna conspire I'm gonna do conspiracies
of convenience are just like people are
in positions of power and everybody just
kind of wink wink nod not everybody
knows what they're supposed to do right
and you don't ruffle feathers and you
don't you don't fuck with conventional
wisdom and this is the way it's all wait
this is the way it's always been done so
this is the way we do it and everybody
just kind of you either fall in line or
they get rid of one way or another and
so that's just the way fiefdom is
operate sounds like such an exhausting
project to create a play out of that
sort of horrific time in Miami's history
it was fucking
okay like when you told me you were
doing it that's the first thing I
thought of well being a lazy fuck I'm
like well that's so much time you know
that seems like so much time to do I
don't wanna do that there's there's like
this documentary racket it's not very
profitable so I wanted to go where the
real money is theater plays playwright
fortune Billy and I said to him to my
co-author or in squired the director I
was like listen it's like this has to be
purely theatrical experience to know
projections no archive like news footage
like we use in the DA I'm like if in
Miami first of all these days if I just
got to put my pants on to leave the
house that's a fucking hassle meaning
like if I could just when I'm home if I
can just chill I want to just chill
right so if I'm gonna be like okay I
gotta go see a fucking play thank you
I'm like so first thing I had to do is
put my pants on all right so put my
pants on then you got to get in the car
you got to brave this traffic spring
break on right now mighty Beach it's out
of control
so you got to go to South Beach go to
the theater Lincoln Road and then like
pay your hard-earned money to see this
play because plays are more expensive
tickets for plays or a lot pricier than
a movie right and so or in Netflix
subscription so you go in like I don't
want people to be there like what the
hell I could have just stayed home and
watched this shit on on Netflix I want
people to go like holy shit and we're
actually seeing that we're seeing um a
really disproportionate number of people
coming to the theater who have never
been to like a live played before
because of their interest in the subject
matter the title confessions of a
cocaine cowboy or the documentary so
people are coming and they're rowdy and
they're like interacting with the actor
is this kind of fun because we do a lot
of breaking of the fourth wall we're
Rivi talks to the crowd or the cops
talked to the crowd and so they're
talking back the audience in there and
it's fun and and very and and funny and
and I think pretty thought-provoking
particularly at the end and they just
like this audience is is we're like oh
shit you can't duplicate this experience
in any way you know that I mean like
yeah I mean watching comedy on Netflix
is one thing being in the room it's a
totally different energy yeah it's a
rush it's like you know it's like a drug
how many seats
this year 420 oh it's great for twenties
really intimate but that's a good size
for an intimate live show it's huge and
and it's a beautiful take a historic
theater in Miami Beach there's not a lot
of what's a crawl which the colony
theater okay I know where that Lincoln
Road it's that walking stream you
probably get back when we had the comedy
fest oh you probably did it where you
were at the Fillmore and you might have
done the Jackie Gleason show more now
yeah I don't
I've done a few different places there I
don't remember all of you there's a
smaller room for you but like it's a
great cool space it used to be an old
movie theater in my grandma I used to go
see me oh we don't preserve a lot of our
history in Miami it's like I was saying
earlier like we're such a young city
literally young and we're like America's
perpetual rebellious teenager
we're like everything new we don't like
we have a transient population a lack of
institutional memory and we're like fuck
history let's just knock this down and
build new because that's the only way to
create jobs like knocking shit down
redesigning it rebuilding it
repopulating it building at all or
creating more revenue because we know
the state income tax in Florida so it's
just like it's just constant hustle so
to have a place like that where it's
like oh we're gonna take a deep breath
and say this is a cool spot
there's no venues like this in town it's
been here for almost a hundred years
like let's preserve it you know let's
preserve the original architecture let's
preserve some of the the olders like
this old carving of like pelicans like
this really creepy like old-school deco
art
they just preserved it and it's really
it's like the perfect environment to do
a show that's like by Miami for Miami
you're the no income tax thing is very
attractive to people people may leave
the states that don't have income that's
one thing that pulls Nevada pulls people
in the Nevada why do you think Oh Jay
Simpson moved there yeah like there was
a law where they couldn't get his money
right we have the homestead law like
that you know that you can you can't get
the money you can't get the house you
get so it's a great place to sort of
hide assets I told you like a third
world country it's got banana republic
you know yeah cuz he got he lost the
civil case you're 30 plus million dollar
judgment against him he bought a fucking
house in Florida now he is he still
there
oh I don't think so I think he's in
Vegas now I think I think he they
released him but they were gonna I think
you might be on paper so I think he
might have to stick around I'm not
certain because it for a while he wanted
I think he was asking permission to go
to Florida when he first got released
and the Attorney General of Florida was
like no thanks to be fair though she was
a blonde woman so she was scared so soon
what it's say he's one of the weirdest
cases in all of American pop culture
history I mean he is one of the weirdest
cases I you know there's a fantastic
photo that someone made a meme of Howard
Cosell with Bruce Jenner on his one side
and then Oh Jay Simpson on his other
side and Howard Cosell say and I've seen
the future you're not gonna fuckin
believe this because this is so goddamn
crazy that one of the most famous and
beloved people forget before that murder
beloved I mean he was like the rock
oh absolutely right in that in a lot of
ways maybe even maybe even well I won't
say more below the rocks pretty beloved
but that level
I mean endorsements Hertz rental car ads
he was in movies he was loved him yeah
but loved personality comedies no yes
son trilogy yes you know and and I well
it was inevitable he would wind up in
Florida of course but but like crazy
just crazy and this is something that in
the end not to spoil it
you've been so so kind did not spoil
screwball but in the end that's also
part of the the message is the idea that
and why we use the children these
athletes are heroes to these kids they
look up to them these are supposedly
role models and how many professional
athletes do you know who you'd be like I
want my kids to idolize this this person
like legitimately like legitimately very
few sure so it's like that's the and
that's where that whole sort of like lie
cheat steal to get ahead message I think
is what's what we're teaching our
children
these days and and that's the case with
like OJ Simpson it's like this kid
people idolize that guy so did they were
did a rod retire did he ever come back
from the skate I don't know anything
about base for one season he did yeah
for one season he came back he got the
largest suspension in the history of the
game but they reduced it right they
reduced it but it remained the largest
suspension ultimately was like 160 it
was almost like a basically a full
season and the following season he came
back played about another year remember
he was injured for a while I think he
actually he might have been injured the
following year then came back the year
after and then he retired and the
Yankees made him like they gave him like
a front office job where he would mentor
young players really can't make this
shit up did really yeah but that is so
interesting that he didn't become
persona non grata like Jose Canseco did
right it's I don't know how quite out to
explain it and listen it's been one of
the greatest I think reputation
rebuilders not even a rebuild remember
he was hated Yankees fans used to boo
the guy like he was not a beloved figure
as a baseball player now he's like my me
my mom knows who he is I mean she calls
him
JLo's boyfriend but she know the bottom
line she knows like he this I mean I
think they're gonna be studying this
case study of like image rehab is gonna
be studied for like decades to come in
like your glasses
calculated I think it was a lot of it
was accidental but but like look at he's
never even apologized or really admitted
what he did he never went on like the
may a culpa tour mmm like Lance
Armstrong I'm positive
no he never failed a test I yeah see
that's part of it like he was on this
shady doctors dockets how the fuck did
the doctor used the right name like
that's that's what's so crazy like why
did you use his name what do you mean
why did you use a Rodriguez
how about use a pseudonym well if you
remember Tony was doing a lot of cocaine
at the time right and he was like it he
was like in a in a fucking spiral his
whole life was he was about to hit rock
bottom while he was running this
business now what's funny is so his
medical records there was some file
folders but
lot of them were in composition books
like just old school CVS like what you
used in the movies yeah that's so that's
why that's C I can I keep wrote in and
he would scribble in so those rubies but
he'd write patient nicknames and DOS and
then some of it would just be like
stream-of-consciousness like middle
school girl like journal like he would
write his name in different fonts he
would come up with different like
business ideas and plans and and make
signs you know for like his businesses
and and talk about motivational speaking
ideas that he hadn't it was like it's a
real journey like into into his mind if
a cocaine-addicted fades after just an
interesting journey I gotta tell you but
like he I so these composition books on
some pages there'd be like code names
like um you know he had a guy that was
like you know that he would name after
cars or named after be like mijo or
little Spanish words or things like that
um he had a player when he bought he
brought him like he bought him an SUV of
some kind so he like you know he code
named him like Tahoe or whatever the
fucking car was you know
another one was DUI because he just
gotten a DUI so that was like the good
but then like after a while he just kind
of abandon it and then was like eh
Rodriguez or Alex Rodriguez by the way
there's a shit ton of Alex Rodriguez is
in Miami but when you start seeing a rod
in the books it's kind of a kind of a
tell you know a little bit just got
sloppy
you know like fucking drug addicts what
does that guy do now
well he's five five years off off of
cocaine which is good he went to federal
prison and rightfully so for the kids
for the high school kids that he uh yeah
when the judge sentenced him
specifically said you know it's one
thing for consenting adults to engage in
this behavior it's another thing for you
to drag kids into this mess and
potentially poison them so he went to
federal prison get this he winds up in a
camp so it's like minimum security
federal prison in Alabama and he winds
up teaching impart a nutrition class to
his fellow inmates he's in there with
Jeff Skilling of Enron who's teaching a
business class
Ezreal inmates and Jesse Jackson jr.
who's teaching a political science and
civics course to their fellow inmates
they say prison is the best place to to
learn and so we actually so one of my
you know we were running out of money on
this movie and so as you always do with
movies and and so there's a couple
scenes that we wanted to do that we ran
out we just couldn't do we had to cut
him from the schedule so one of them was
an epilogue with all the kids in federal
prison like jumpsuits and like Tony
teaching and like a little baby Jesse
Jackson jr. a little baby Jeff Skilling
from Enron a little baby and another
thing to another thing Bosh was doing is
he was like you see him at the beginning
of the movie sitting at the bar at the
Ritz Carlton keep his gain and he's
writing little protocols on a fucking
cocktail napkin for the bartenders on
how to build muscle how to lose weight
so he was doing that in prison for
inmates for like vitamins and
supplements that they could buy in the
commissary he would like he be like hey
yo dr. T I want to I'm trying to build
muscle mass maybe okay here here's a pro
go to the commissary buy these vitamins
of these sublet and there you take it
this time that yo Tony I'm looking to
lose weight what do I do and he give him
and then guards started coming to him
like hey I'm looking at my wife wants to
lose some weight or well yeah he'd give
him verticals yeah so I mean he's very I
told you he's very much a true believer
in himself he's got a lot of faith in
himself and he for a while was planning
on opening a nutritional supplement
business across the street from Marlins
Park my my hosts are brilliant like this
is pretty recently it hasn't happened
yet but like he's looking around for new
for new opportunity and Miami is a is a
land of new opportunity I told you this
last time I saw you that it's an old
saying that I love that la is where you
go and you want to be somebody New York
is where you go and you are somebody and
Miami's where you go and you want to be
somebody else it's just it's not only a
town of reinvention it's like it just
always been a sunny place for shady
people I just always wanted to know what
happens to a fake doctor who gets busted
selling steroids to kids what does that
guy do for a living afterwards I think
now he's I suspect now he's just sort of
being you know subsidized by family and
friends right now he does have kids and
child support probably two to make
somehow I don't know exactly what he's
up to
I'll ask him the next time I'm gonna see
him this weekend it's in two days yeah
oh yeah he does and and he's quite it's
quite funny
he's quite uh sober ish ish ish well I
think he still drinks but he doesn't he
doesn't do colas it drugs in him yeah
and that was that was that was bad for a
while
yeah I'm sure yeah that's always the bad
decision-making route what's what's
funny about this is that he so we caught
him like on his way into federal prison
originally so in November of 2013 Alex
was in the midst of the arbitration that
you see at the end you know we that we
portray at the end of the movie in Amal
MLB's offices in Manhattan and we got a
call from his publicist and his
publicist says yo what alex is on a
break from the arbitration and he's
coming down to Miami he's got an office
in Coral Gables which is just like very
wealthy affluent suburb adjacent to the
city of Miami and it's actually the city
where the University of Miami is located
for Alex Rodriguez field is at UM on
campus and so they said listen Alex
would like to meet with you to talk
about possibly doing some kind of
tell-all documentary geez this is
November 2013 so I'm like yes please
yeah so I figured like this is a
hush-hush meeting you know we're and do
this on the down-low at his office and
Coral Gables they say meet us some
weekday high noon at Hill Stone
restaurant which is the Power Lunch spot
in that neighborhood the most prominent
corner in the city floor-to-ceiling
windows open kitchen everybody from the
street to the dishwasher can see
everything going on in that dining room
they want to meet us there at noon so
I'm like oh okay
we go there slammed every seat taken mob
scene around the host and three four
deep at the bar they escort us down the
center me and my producer Alfred
Spellman right
the center aisle parade us practically
and you know ESPN in the 34 30s they
really fetishized the directors so like
they have like video interviews with us
like you know in bumpers like every hour
like little little segments and so
people sometimes recognize me usually in
Miami like close to UM because we did
the um you know dock so if there's any
play any place I was going to be
recognized it was two miles from the
University of Miami and so take us right
down the middle and they're in the
center
booth on this elevated platform around
the back is Alex Rodriguez holding court
wheeler so we literally have like step
up on stage to join him and like all
eyes are on us in this place and I don't
know what we kind of get introduced and
I need like an icebreaker so I'm like so
who's gonna call page six you were us
sure as shit two weeks later was in page
six and so we sit there and um Alex
didn't laugh the publicist laugh that's
like a publicist joke you know yes so
because it was clear that we were there
to be seen having this meeting yeah it
was so clear why do you think they did
the it was it was part of Alex's when
you said was there a plan there was kind
of a plan it was part of Alex's like PR
offensive or push back against major
league baseball and so we sat there with
him for almost an hour and a half and he
just lied just lied to us um the whole
time and I didn't know that I'm not a
about everything I never met Tony posh
this is all people you look at my
records I you know I my performance
didn't improve after the time he claims
to have been treating me I'm not a
baseball fan I'm like you to me they I
call it screensaver all right I I just
but my producing partner Alfred is a
degenerate baseball thing he gets look
the fuckin mlb.com package has it on his
desk on his iPad all day long during the
season I'm just like I I mean I guess he
does that instead of ambien
you know I'm less sleep eating with
baseball I guess I don't know so he's
just like but he's a huge baseball fan
and when I left I was like he made a lot
of good points Alex did often
fucking lied about everything and I
can't blame him he lied to everybody in
those days I mean he was in a he was
desperately trying to salvage his his
career and his legacy and he allegedly
lied to the DEA in a queen for a day
meeting who the fuck lies in a queen for
a day meeting other than George
papadopolis I mean your support the
whole point is you're supposed to tell
the truth that they're not gonna kind of
fuck with you but but he allegedly did
that so does a queen for the immediate
so Queen for at a meeting with the feds
you get a letter for it they're like
we're investigating we you're a witness
an investigation we understand you may
have participated in some illegality or
committed some crimes in the course of
this larger investigation but we're not
after you we just want you to come in
feel comfortable and free to tell the
truth to our investigators so that we
can pursue our investigation accurately
and fairly and we will not whatever
anything you say will not be held
against you essentially in a court of
law so your queen for a day they call it
you get a letter queen for a day letter
and the hexley called they call a queen
for a day
and so I don't know that's the thing the
feds have and so Alex was free to just
speak the only thing you can't do is lie
to a federal agent mmm that is a crime
and that is in fact I think what George
papadopolis was ultimately he lied in
his queen for a day meeting the whole
point of a queen for a day meeting is to
tends to not lie and not in because you
can't get in trouble essentially for any
crimes that you admit there about the
investigation so that was the
allegations that he actually lied so I
listen I'm a documentarian people lied
to me for a living I'm I'm fine with
that
especially because they spelled my name
right in page six and that shit was in
bold I don't have the juice to make that
happen
Alex's Alex his publicist had the juice
to make to make that happen I was
flattered that they you know write about
me but like but you didn't think that he
was lying I suspected he wasn't telling
us the whole truth but I thought he made
some interesting points in Alfred to
Alfred had was a picture in high school
North Miami Beach Senior High go
chargers and Alfred had actually pitched
against Alex Rodriguez is like one of
his only war stories from his baseball
years in high school right is that Alex
was a senior I think Alfred was going to
some sort of Ron Frasier
baseball camp at a um and they did the
summer league game and Alfred this is
I'm my eyes are glazing over telling
this story but like Alfred
Alfred's pitches against a ride and who
was already a senior already a beast
everybody knew this guy was gonna was
gonna go in the draft and be huge
everybody knew about that that he had
been the talk of the high school
baseball community in Miami forever
and so Alfred pitched against him and he
held a rod to a triple of course Alec
you know a rod smacked the shit out of
this ball sailed away but he he was it
was only a triple wasn't it was a rare
not homerun for Alec so I thought oh we
have like a funny personal anecdote like
we can find some common ground here
right you're talking to someone who
might be a potential interview subject
you know and so I'm like actually Alex
you and Alfred have met before alpha
rolls his eyes like he's gonna embarrass
me and tell this dumb shit story so I
tell out like isn't this funny like you
guys but and Alfred held you to a triple
and he kind of looked at me like you're
looking at me right now he's just he was
totally unamused and maybe looked even a
little hurt or offended this is the
greatest baseball one of the greatest
baseball players of all time the highest
paid baseball player in history and here
I'm just telling this cute story from
like twenty years earlier or whatever
and he seemed like I held me to a triple
I'm like how could you be upset about
that you're one of the greatest of all
time like super winners but it's like
yeah it's it's that's why I left I was
like this guy's a really interesting
character like he's a complicated guy
he's an interesting guy's a sensitive
guy like I was curious about him I was
excited about the prospect of
interviewing him and man they finally
ghosted us out yeah the January of 2014
that's when they lowered they reduced
his suspension I started hitting up
every month I started hitting up the
publicist Joe following up on that
meeting you know because it's funny in
the page six article it mentioned he met
with the 34:30 filmmakers Billy Corbin
Alfred Spellman he's been shopping a
book proposal to these publishers the
book proposal thing was total bunk
literally not true the the the
publishers are like we'd love to get one
but we haven't gotten a book proposal
from a-rod he really did have the
meeting with us but like everything was
just we were just kind of pong
in his game which is cool whatever I
respond to this documentary not exactly
but I for like six or seven months I'm
emailing with the publicist and then it
was clear that they weren't interested
so and that became the tactic by the way
when you said was there a strategy the
strategy was to shut the fuck up hmm and
just like like you said like with the
president big New York Times big
escandalo a scandal or expose and then
maybe if we just tomorrow in this
24-hour news cycle in this fucking in
this world of just being us being
hammered with bad news you know in 240
characters every nanosecond of every day
just shit just passes and they just they
they played it just so so beautifully
and brilliantly and then almost a year
later we got a call from a friend of
Tony Bosch you guys want to meet with
Tony Bosch he wants to talk to you about
doing a documentary like hell yeah so we
take the meeting really interesting guy
meet with him several times over several
months and then he says listen I want to
do this interview he goes I'm getting
sentenced to prison tomorrow and we knew
about that you know that the case was
ongoing he said but look I expect the
judge will give me 45 to 60 days to
surrender to complete this drug rehab
program I'm in and then I'm only gonna
get like a year and a half two years in
prison and so we could find a couple
days before I have to surrender to do
this interview they say I don't like
dude listen let's see what happens
tomorrow I was like depending on how
much time the judge gives you like
you're going to prison one way or
another like maybe you want to spend
some time with your kids get your
affairs in order
let's make a decision tomorrow whether
or not we're gonna take two three four
days out of your life for this maybe
we'll do it when you get out right into
an you know in a year and a half two
years federal you do at least 80% of
your time but then you go to halfway
house sometimes for a little bit at the
end on six months or as long as a year
so he goes he goes to court the judge
says four years and you have not 45 to
60 days to surrender but 45 to 60
minutes to surrender
give me your you know take off your belt
in your shoelaces and well surrender to
to the Bo P and he did and so we back
burn again
I got a fucking email from Tim L Frank
who is the Woodward and Bernstein of the
case he's they the journalist who got
the stolen records from Porter Fisher
the whistleblower and blew the lid off
the whole thing at the beginning of 2013
he says to me
Porter Fisher called me and he's asking
me for your number to discuss possibly
doing a documentary with you I was like
first of all like we sometimes don't
make documentaries about things that we
make documentaries about things that
happen like 20 30 40 years ago
this felt like it hadn't ripened yet
like it was still a fresh wound you know
like people wouldn't be willing to talk
like you have to kind of wait for more
time to pass you know and here we are
and I'm not a spiritual guy I don't
really believe in the universe talking
to me or anything but I thought man if
ever someone was trying to tell us
something it was like you got to make
this documentary the three primary
players in this major baseball scandal
all independently of each other
contacted us within just over a year to
talk about doing a documentary about at
night
alfrid jokes that in Florida when you
get out of prison your first call is to
your mother your second calls to
raconteur to our company you know to
talk about a documentary and tony got
out I hit up Tony I'm like I'll come
visit you in Alabama how much time did
you have to do he wound up getting a
sentence reduction he did just about two
years and then he was in that camp in
Alabama I wrote him I said dude I'm
gonna come up and visit you we talked
about this he said I'll be in a halfway
house in six months so let's just meet
in Miami I was like done and then when
you meet Porter and you meet Tony and
you see them their interviews in the
documentary you realize like well Alex
this isn't even about Alex you know it's
like this is about these guys in this
crazy you know Carl Hiaasen desk like
Coen Brothers botched robbery like story
no and so like that was a story we
wanted to to tell and that was the Tony
Porter part of the story well listen
dude you fucking nailed it it's a great
documentary I really enjoyed it
like I really enjoy all of them and just
keep on fucking knock it out of the park
man thank you a baseball metaphor
appreciate really appreciate thanks for
having me Joe give everybody your social
media tell people how to get all of you
Billy Corbin the I ll Y Co RB en
not the lead singer of smash and that's
the same on Twitter and on Instagram
Billy Corbin Instagram same on Twitter
hit me up beautiful thanks brother thank
you thank you